(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)

Me and my students are constantly landing on Fiverr's first page. We're completely dominating and there's no magic, no secret handshakes with Fiverr staff. It's just clear strategy.

So if you're sick of scrolling through endless pages to find your gig buried deep in Fiverr purgatory, grab your favourite drink, get comfy because I am peeling back the curtain and showing you exactly how we dominate Fiverr rankings. First off, Fiverr ranking isn't some mysterious magic trick or random luck. It's based on trust, relevance and providing an outstanding buyer experience. 

Fiverr openly states that their algorithm prioritises gigs with high ratings, quick response times and clear optimised gig descriptions. Simply put, Fiverr wants to show gigs it believes buyers will actually love. But what does this mean for you? How do you actually do that? Think about it like this. 

If you owned Fiverr, you'd also want your customers to have a great experience. So you wouldn't showcase gigs that frustrate buyers with slow responses or disappointing results. And this is a massive, massive platform. 

So all of this has to be standardised and automated. That's exactly how Fiverr works. It promotes gigs that deliver consistent quality and customer satisfaction. 

So your job is to show Fiverr you're exactly that kind of seller. So let's dive deeper and start with common mistakes that people are making that just tank their rankings. Starting with, admittedly, the most obvious. 

Generic gig titles are easily the worst offence. Imagine that you're looking for video editing. You search on Fiverr and every single gig says, I will edit videos. 

Okay, great. How do you pick? You don't. You just get overwhelmed and then leave or just choose randomly. 

But Fiverr doesn't want randomness. It wants clarity. So instead, this is what you can do. 

Write a gig title like professional TikTok video editing for skincare brands. Suddenly you're speaking directly to a specific audience, making it clear exactly who your gig is for and what outcome you are providing. So imagine you are a skincare brand and you're looking through all of these gigs and it's just saying, I will edit videos. 

I will do professional video editing. I will do viral videos. And then one of them says, I will do video editing for skincare brands and your number one portfolio piece is a skincare brand. 

Which ones do you think they're going to click on? It doesn't even matter at that point if you are the most expensive one on the page. Who do you think they're going to buy? There you go. And that's what you need to do. 

Another major issue is keyword stuff in your description. You want to write for people, not to try and scam the search results. Fiverr's AI is smarter than ever. 

And so cramming every possible keyword in some mashed potato bullshit is not going to work anymore. In fact, if anything, it's not fooling the algorithm and helping you. It just annoys it. 

I think that's the best way I can describe it. Instead, write it naturally, clearly, and engagingly. It needs to read well to a human and be attractive to a human.

Include your main keywords organically and only a few times throughout your description. Fiverr rewards clarity and penalises keyword stuffing. Lastly, for this section, we're just going to touch on thumbnails. 

Your thumbnail shouldn't look like some chaotic mess or a 2009 PowerPoint slide filled with texts and emojis. A consistent winning thumbnail looks like this, and it needs to communicate your value clearly in two seconds flat, otherwise people just scroll past it. So this is exactly what you do. 

Keep it simple and keep it minimal. Three words max, bold, readable font, and a clean professional image of you or your best work. Remember, simplicity sells. 

And this is particularly key right now. Go and look up any search word on Fiverr. Here's one for you. 

I dare you to go and look up SEO or data entry and just have a look at the page. And when you see these pages, you'll see it's thumbnail, thumbnail, thumbnail, thumbnail, thumbnail. And all of them have just like this massive list of text and they're cluttered and they're busy. 

And so you have all of these spots of busyness. If you have a simple thumbnail, your eye is naturally going to rest on that spot. And that's what you want to do. 

The simplicity on a busy page is a sanctity or a safe haven for the viewer. And that's where they'll go. Now, here's a strategy that I use personally and teach all my students to consistently hit the first page. 

Start by mastering niche titles. The easiest way, use Fiverr's search bar. Start typing your main service. 

Fiverr is literally going to tell you what buyers are searching for. For example, if you type video editing, you'll see suggestions like TikTok video editing, YouTube shorts editing. Choose one clear niche from these suggestions and then own it completely.

You've just got to take it one step further. YouTube shorts editing for tech brands. YouTube shorts editing for jewellery brands. 

Make it as niche as possible. And then all you do is you set up one gig for each niche. Boom, done. 

Next up, a little bit more on thumbnails. Again, thumbnails are basically your gigs shop windows. So I'm going to cover them twice because they are very, very important. 

If it's not catching someone's eye, no one's walking into your shop, let alone buying anything. Buyers typically glance at the thumbnail first and then they'll skim the title and only then will they click. So you need to think about it in that order and the information you're giving them. 

What information is on the thumbnail and what's on the title? And if those two match up, you can walk them into the shop one step at a time. Thumbnail, title into the gig. Your thumbnail needs to be grabbing attention and communicating exactly what the buyers are going to get. 

And as I've said, simple formula, clean, professional, quality image of your face. Right. Here's a controversial one. 

SEO descriptions and tags are crucial. Once you've chosen your niche keyword, consistently use it in your title and tags and descriptions, but don't overdo it. Just write it organically as if you're writing for a person.

If it makes sense to a person, the AI and the algorithm will like it. And Fiverr's algorithm loves it if it's consistent because it helps match your gig precisely to buyer searches. Again, this is a fine balance. 

If you put the keyword in there too much, the algorithm's going to think that it's spam and get, you know, shadow ban you, ban you to the shadow realm. But if it's not in there at all, it's not going to be there. But you want to make sure that your keyword, your main keyword is in the title and the description and in the FAQ section. 

Just don't over repeat it in each section. Another major ranking factor is your response time and overall delivery quality. Obviously, Fiverr is standardised. 

It's run by basically an algorithm and an AI. So it can't look at your delivery and actually tell how good it is. So Fiverr is very open about the fact that they penalise gigs or accounts that have slow response rates. 

So priority number one is to make sure you are responding in two hours every single time. And here's a secret cheeky hack that I've used before. If you don't have time right away to respond in full, like you're driving, commuting, whatever, you can always just jump in and say, hey, thanks for reaching out. 

I'm going to check this out for you and then get back to you shortly. And then a little bit later on, you can send a bigger, more in detail reply. Now, this gets your response time down really fast. 

And this signals to Fiverr that you care deeply about buyer experience and that Fiverr can trust you with their customers. That's the way to think about it. Fiverr is trusting you with their customers, right? And so doing this is going to boost your gigs visibility massively.

Similarly, always deliver ahead of schedule. Fiverr loves early deliveries because it improves buyer satisfaction and builds trust quickly. So always make sure you are delivering well before it's due. 

Another secret little hack here, especially if you're very, very new to Fiverr, make sure you're signing in consistently throughout the day so that your profile's always marked as online because the algorithm will favour profiles that are online. Once you've got a few orders, this doesn't make any difference. But if you're very new and you're struggling to get any traction, just consistently log in each day and check it out and see if there's any briefs or anything. 

And by doing so, it's going to make sure that you're marked as online and that will help. Finally, consider your average order value. I keep saying finally, and it's just a lie. 

I'm sorry, guys. Your AOV. Fiverr rewards gigs that are consistently selling higher value packages because, like I said, they can't tell the value of stuff objectively or subjectively, should I say, so they're looking at objective measures. 

And average order value is a huge one. If you're delivering high value orders, it's a big signal to the algorithm that your buyers trust you and you're delivering satisfaction. So here's a good way of doing that.

Offer multiple gig packages, obviously, and clearly showcase the value of each. And you encourage your buyers to select the premium packages by highlighting clear additional benefits in them. And you can price anchor this. 

I'll talk about it in another video about which way buyers will go from the central gig. Now, I personally hate and don't like things like extra revisions, faster delivery or additional usage rights as upsells. I like to make these the standard baseline. 

That is the minimal requirement. And that is the level of service you get as a standard for working with. So in order to massively increase your AOV without including nonsense that doesn't really add value in any way, offer things that are adjacent to your service. 

So here's a prime example for you, right? If you're a UGC creator, you make like social media videos, include the things I have assigned, include scripting and editing as optional extras. This will boost your gig's perceived value massively or boost your average order value massively. And it makes your service a whole product rather than a single part that's useless by itself. 

The sum of the whole is always worth more than the individual components, right? And so if you're a script writer, you can charge $10. If you're making the video, you can charge $10. If you're editing the video, you can charge $10. 

But if you put all that together, suddenly you're not selling it to people that assemble them, you're selling it to end users who pay more. So instead of it being $30, it's worth $50. Obviously those prices are nonsense. 

You know, I'm just illustrating a point. Oh, but I can't edit or script or do it. It's fine.

If only there was some platform you could use to hire freelancers that do that. Oh wait, just hire someone on Fiverr to do it for you and work with them. So yeah, if you have services either side of your service that you can add on to make a whole thing, but you can't do those bits, it's cool. 

Just hire someone on Fiverr and work with them. So before we jump into advanced tips, if you're finding value here and want more personal help, join Future Creator. It's a vibrant community full of freelancers like you, and it specialises in helping people start their UGC freelancer journeys. 

We take people right from absolutely nothing. You don't need anything. If you've got a phone with a camera on it, you're good enough to get started and we'll help you get your first order within a couple of weeks. 

Normally most of our students do, and then we will coach you and teach you right the way through to 10 grand a month. We share all our detailed strategies there, and you also get Q&A sessions and unlimited access to all of our courses and resources, and this is going to skyrocket your Fiverr business. Just check the link below. 

Seriously, it will be the best click you've made today. I'll see you there. Okay, so to stay ahead of the Fiverr algorithm, here are two indispensable tools that my students and I regularly use. 

Fiverr's own search suggestions, as I've mentioned, are incredibly underused. This tool literally reveals what buyers are currently searching for. Just spend 10 minutes per week exploring Fiverr's search bar suggestions, and then adjust your gigs based on real-time buyer trends. 

This ensures your gigs stay hyper-relevant. Google Trends is another very powerful but very overlooked resource. Type your gig keyword into Google Trends to verify its demand outside of Fiverr. 

If you see rising interest in TikTok video editing, then it's a safe bet buyers on Fiverr are also increasingly searching for this. Combining Fiverr's internal data with external trend validation gives you unbeatable SEO confidence. Just don't forget to take it one step further and niche it down from there so that you stand out from the crowd. 

Finally, troubleshooting is key. If you're getting no impressions, Fiverr simply doesn't trust your gig yet. Proactively seek out initial orders. 

Maybe lower your price a bit, just temporarily, or approach your existing network and see if you can sell something to them, just so you can quickly get some quality reviews to just get you off the ground. Once you have some initial trust built, Fiverr will reward you. If you're getting impressions but no clicks, your thumbnail or titles off. 

Simplify them, make them clearer and more engaging. If buyers are clicking but not ordering, the issue lies in your description, gig video, or the whole value proposition. Clarify exactly what buyers are getting, how it's going to benefit them, and remove any friction by clearly outlining the whole buying process and the next steps. 

And if you're getting messages but struggling to convert, rethink your pricing and how you're communicating value. Your gig must clearly show why it's worth every penny. Make sure your portfolio is outstanding. 

If you made it this far, good effort. You're obviously serious about smashing your Fiverr goals. So look, if you want to discover the exact strategies my students and I use to consistently blow our customers away, virtually guaranteeing five star reviews every single time, then you absolutely need to watch this next video. 

Trust me, it is a game changer. I will see you there.

(Transcribed by TurboScribe. Go Unlimited to remove this message.)